# About this Repository
Codes that were created for Introduction to the Artificial Intelligence, computer science mandatory class at Universidade Federal da Paraíba, taught by professor Dra. Thais Gaudencio. I do not own the copyright to the screenplays used in this study project. There was no monetary profit from this project.

<hr>

# About the Exam files ("Primeira Prova.ipynb" and "Segunda Prova.ipynb")
Questions and answers in Brazilian Portuguese only and I don't plan in translating it anytime soon. The questionnaire was made by the professor and answered by me.
If there's any use of my answers when answering your own exam (considering that you are in her class), she'll probably notice and null your exam ('cause she hates unfairness), so I don't recommend copying it. The questionnaire were answered by me and only me (contributors only participated in the final project).

<hr>

# About the Final Project - The Incelnator 3000 ("Projeto Final: Incelnator 3000.ipynb")
I'll not display the files that were generated by code (models) and those that were gathered on the Internet (the screenplays text files) because they're too big for the repository and I don't want to have any copyright problems with big Hollywood screenwriters or anything like that, respectively. 

## Future Works
I plan on creating a separate repository for this project and improve the AI model for better results.

## Team
*   Victor Brasil
*   Victória Grisi (me)
*   Vidal Elias

## Introduction
The Incelnator 3000 idea came from the observation of an emerging phenomena (that we could also call "meme") at the Internet, that is a group of people that autodeclare – or not – themselves *"Incel"*.
*Incel Movies* recently became like an "inside joke" at the Wide Web, and that's why we thoroughly chose some of those cinematographic works to fine-tune a GPT-2 model (Distil GPT-2, precisely), so we could generate more of those fantastic movies.

## What is an Incel?
Incel is an abbreviation for *involutary celibate/celibatary*. This group of people declare that they are unable, through their fault or not, of having a relationship with a woman.
The majority of these people are really insufferable, and that's why they quickly became a **hated** troupe at the Internet. There is a bunch of *memes* about incels that can be found easily when navigating the web.

## What defines an "Incel Movie"?
Now that you know what is an incel, it's possible to realize that the majority of this project selectioned movies does not have characters, being lead role or not, that fit into the definition of an incel.
Those movies are here simply because some of them are their **group favorites**, as many of the incels mirror themselves or think they are similar to the protagonists of these films.

## Movies that were used at the fine-tuning
*   (500) Days of Summer (2009)
*   American Psycho (2000)
*   Batman: The Dark Knight (2008)
*   Blade Runner (1982)
*   Donnie Darko (2001)
*   Drive (2011)
*   Fight Club (1999)
*   Her (2013)
*   Joker (2019)
*   King of Comedy (1983)
*   Pulp Fiction (1994)
*   Reservoir Dogs (1992)
*   Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010)
*   Taxi Driver (1976)
*   The Godfather (1972)

## Movies that we didn't find the screenplay, but should be here
*   Blade Runner 2049 (2017)
*   Matrix (1999)
*   Nightcrawler (2014)
*   Scarface (1983)
*   The Batman (2022)
*   The Lighthouse (2019)

## Project that inspired us – and helped – us
https://towardsdatascience.com/film-script-generation-with-gpt-2-58601b00d371
